CRAYSAT-1843: Update docs of CFS V2-V3 on SAT (#5392)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/system_admin_toolkit/usage/Change_CFS_Version.md

# Change the CFS Version

> By default, SAT uses Configuration Framework Service (CFS) version three (`v3`).
> Currently, only CFS version `"v2"` can be used with `sat bootsys` and `sat bootprep`.
> Select the CFS version to use for individual commands with the `--cfs-version`
> option. For more information on this option, refer to the man page for a specific
> command.

Reviewer: If I understand correctly, currently the version of the CFS API used by `sat bootsys` and `sat bootprep` are hard-coded to v2, so those commands are not affected by the CLI or config-file option described below. I think we could make that a little more clear. I hope we'll be able to fix this in the very near future in CRAYSAT-1896.

Here's my suggestion to make this more clear until we address CRAYSAT-1896.

```suggestion
SAT supports specifying the version of the Configuration Framework Service (CFS)
API used by the `sat status` command. By default the `sat status` command uses
version three (V3) of the CFS API. Currently, the `sat bootsys` and `sat
bootprep` commands can only use CFS V2, but support will be added for CFS V3 in
the future.
```

Author: Addressed

Reviewer: Oops, I realize that I omitted a paragraph from my suggestion, so we lost the description of using the CLI option. I've added a commit to this PR which fixes that omission. Sorry about that.

   If the line is commented out, SAT will still use the default CFS
   version. To ensure a different CFS version is used, uncomment the
   `api_version` line by removing `#` at the beginning of the line.

## Key Changes and Improvements with CFS V3

- CFS V3 on SAT provides optimized results for larger systems, offering quicker responses.
- Paging is only available when using the CFS V3 API. This ensures that even with a large number
  of components, SAT can retrieve configurations more efficiently.
- When the number of components exceeds the CFS page size, CFS V3 is able to handle the
  system by paginating the results. This is an improvement over CFS v2 on SAT, which would
  return an error when number of components exceeds the response limit.
  For more information on paging see [Paging CFS Records](../../configuration_management/Paging_CFS_Records.md).

## Limitations with CFS V2

- When using CFS V2, the number of entries returned in a single query is
  limited by the `default_page_size` parameter, which is 1000.
- If the system contains more than 1000 components, CFS V2 will return
  an error as the response size is too large for the system to handle in a
  single query.

> ## Note
> 
> - Currently, `sat bootprep` could only create CFS V2 configurations.
> - The session check of `sat bootsys` is restricted to use only CFS V2 API.

Reviewer: I would suggest a more descriptive heading and some minor wording improvements:

```suggestion
## Limitations on CFS V3 Support

As mentioned above, usage of the CFS V3 API is only supported for the `sat
status` command. The following commands use CFS V2:

- `sat bootprep` uses the CFS V2 API to create configurations.
- `sat bootsys` uses the CFS V2 API to check for active CFS sessions.
```

Author: Addressed
